You're sick of it. This is our last episode ever. We're not going to do this podcast anymore.
Adam doesn't want to talk to me.
I was just on the news. I just read about a plane crash, and that's not good.
Yeah, I saw it last night and I'm getting on a plane tomorrow, so really bad time, man.
Yeah, I guess two things collided in the air. I always worry about that. You always think, like,
I don't know, could something just run into the side of us because they didn't know we were here
and they didn't look at the radar or whatever. So in our, I don't know.
Yeah, the situation, it was kind of crazy. It was right as a plane was landing,
and it was a Black Hawk helicopter that was like in the air right over the ground in the airport.
Anyway, that's a damper to start out with. How are you?
I'm good. It's finally kind of warming up again. Like I went outside with no pants on today,
which is good, but I'm still wearing, you know, a long sleeve.
Long sleeve shirt. Yeah. I went for a walk this morning outside at 5.30 in the morning,
'cause it was 50 degrees here, which is amazing. It's been so cold and it should not be 50
before 6 a.m. That's unusual going outside when it's with degrees is really dangerous.
You should have seen how I was dressed, my lighter than your dress right now.
Well, I'm going to Boston, so I have to, like, go and pack. Oh, no.
All my, like, just heavy clothes from New York and my, my, like, mountaineering jacket.
That's funny. But what are you doing in Boston?
Liz's friend is having an engagement party.
So we're going for that, and then I'm going to visit AJ while I'm there.
Nice. We're going to hang out on Friday.
That's awesome. Yeah. Tell him I said hi, or if he's a listener,
hi, AJ, I'm just bypassed Dax. He's a terrible middleman.
He's a listener. I'm sure you'll hear this.
Yeah. Not so after we hang out. That's true.
I've been listening to a lot of stuff. We don't want to talk about AI more, do we?
I just listen to talk about whatever we want. Go ahead.
Okay. I was just listening to, oh my God.
I'm just sorry. This reminded me of this stupid joke,
Casey and I've been watching on Netflix called later Daters, and it's like these 50, 60 plus.
It's these older people, 50s and 60s dating, like divorces, widowers, etc.
And there's this woman who they have a dating coach who seems to know stuff about relationships.
And she encourages this lady to open up conversations, break the ice,
by talking about a podcast she just listened to. But the woman didn't quite understand,
she doesn't seem to grasp the idea that you have to actually talk about the podcast.
And she would just open all her dates with, so I was listening to this podcast with Matthew
McConaughey. And that's all she would say, like that line. And you have to keep going.
It just made me think of it, though, when I said, so I was listening to this podcast.
I just wanted to break the ice with you. Yeah, pause. That's all. I was listening to the podcast.
I was listening, I've been listening to all of Lex's stuff because Prime's going to be on there.
And I just forgot I liked his podcast. So I was listening to some of his back catalog.
And he had an anthropic CEO on was super interesting.
The anthropic CEO seems solid. I don't get a sketchy vibe from him.
He was always trying to be really practical with how he talks about all this stuff,
which is pretty different from most people in this space. So yeah, it was very illuminating.
I'm not going to try and regurgitate it because it won't be as illuminating coming out of my mouth,
but you should go listen to it. He he's clearly very focused on safety. And it's just fun to listen
to people that like building these things, running companies, building these models,
talk about like the risks and like the future and how it could play out because I always hear
people talk about AI safety. And it's like, yeah, what I don't know, like it's all kind of vague and
fuzzy. But he like talks about the specific categories of threat that they pose and like
how to kind of like mitigate those things. It's just super interesting.
What is one example that you remember? Because I don't know anything about this.
Yeah. So he has like, I can't remember the name of this. I think I think anthropic came up with
the system for categorizing the different levels of like threat that these models pose to society.
For level two is like the like state actors could use it to further their goals. Level three is
like normal people could use it to like cause harm to humanity. And level four is that the AI
itself along with humans is actually a threat. So like the AI can take its own actions, even like
circumvent things. Like he talked about, they have to worry about, you know, they have these
benchmarks or these tests that they do for safety to make sure that the model can't do certain things
like can't tell people how to make smallpox or whatever. So they have these tests, but they
have to worry at level four that the AI will just like sandbag and pretend that it's not smart enough
even though it is because it knows it wants to pass the test. Yeah, which is super interesting
to think about like you just what do you do with like if these models can scale to like super
intelligence smarter than us? How do you how do you control something that's smarter than us?
It's just super fascinating. I don't really understand the lower levels because what is
did he talk about what practically is the difference between that and someone publishing a book
that has instructions on how to make smallpox? He didn't know. Yeah, I guess so what you're saying
is like how is level three and below anything new to the world? It's just is it just more efficient?
Like a dumber person could figure out how to make an atomic bomb because AI is so smart. Given
the stakes, it's like if you're someone that's like, Oh, I want to like unleash smallpox on the world,
but I'm too dumb and I can't figure it out. Yeah, ambitious goal. So it just like to be that
ambitious, but like not just figure it out without AI. So he speaks to that like the world is is
the state that it is it's mostly been safe because the overlap of people who are extremely intelligent
and the people who want to do a lot of harm to people is a small overlap like that generally
there's not a lot of people that fit those those things, but the fear is that AI
increases that overlap because now you take people who want to do a lot of harm and you give them
intelligence they didn't have. I guess that's the vague I general idea. I think this is where I
would disagree with the way all these people think about it because I feel like they look
at it from this really academic point of view, which is I have like raw horsepower intelligence
and I have, you know, trained knowledge and something and that's what gives me capability.
But in the real world, especially when it comes to violent stuff like that, none of that matters
is all about motivation. Like if someone is really motivated, they will figure this stuff out.
It's not like the thing that was blocking them was just like, oh, I'm not smart enough. You know,
it's not really what what issue is I will agree that like a lot of crimes happen because they're
more convenient and this would make certain things more convenient. I kind of see that point, but yeah.
So I remember with North Korea, there was a lot of tension with North Korea and like they were
shooting a lot of rockets just to like flex their muscles. And there's a lot of talk about like
how soon could North Korea develop nuclear weapons. Is that not like that's not because
they're not smart enough? Not smart enough, but like they don't have the knowledge of how to do it
or it takes years to develop that technology. Is that not something I could be faster at?
Yeah, it could be fast. I mean, it was taking the current form, right? It's if you're someone
that is trying to go from not knowing how to do this to knowing how to do this, what does North
Korea have? They have motivation for sure. This is probably like their top priority. They have
enough funding to figure it out. So given enough time, they will. There's like no stopping that.
Yeah. Do certain tools help them do that faster? Definitely the same way that Microsoft Excel
probably helps them figure out so fast. Yeah, sure. Okay. So I get why this feels like really
specific, but if you're talking about that level of impact in like the harm space,
we should see like the equivalent level of impact for people trying to do anything good, right?
So I'm not like I want to cure cancer. And I'm not like suddenly as a random person any closer to
doing that. Yeah. So yet I think that side of it is a little overstated. I think they're kind of like
I think they're just kind of in this bubble. That's a little bit like like feeding this narrative
into itself. So yeah, that's why the whole safety thing. I don't I don't fully get it. Like every
technology makes certain things more convenient. It's a lot more convenient to produce firearms
today than it was 100 years ago, like much crazier firearms. And yeah, you have to think about it,
but I don't I just don't see that acquisition of knowledge being the place that people get stuck.
It's it's usually that the US and like all the countries try to have a crazy strict control over
the raw material need to make a nuclear weapon. That's probably where the ball neck is. And even
that, you know, the country's work around because there's always someone that's against the US that
has access. And yeah, I've heard this details kind of rolled in the grand scheme of things.
Yeah, if I'm being honest, I I don't really buy all the AI safety talk. Like it's so hard to know
what's just noise like what is just posturing and like even competitive. Like some of these CEOs,
there's a bit of like pulling a ladder up, right? That's been kind of at least theorized. I don't
know if it's been proven, but like when the people that have the biggest AI companies training the
big extensive models are the ones leading the charge on, we need to make this harder. I don't know,
is there some other motive involved? But yeah, I guess like, and then it seems like the other
dialogue, you don't know what like is grounded in reality. There's so many people that talk about
AI safety that don't seem to have any idea what that looks like. It's like at the government level,
like they have no idea, like nobody has any clue what that practically looks like. So yeah,
it just feels like that whole conversation is either not grounded in reality or might have other
kind of like hidden agendas behind it. I'm not scared. I say bring on the AI.
It's like if it could solve problems and make things easier. Yeah, I feel like if it gives
the good guys more tools too, then yeah, what's the problem? I don't know.
Yeah, it's just funny because it's such a virtual thing. It's like something that
like you can imagine someone going to a store and buying a physical hammer and like smashing your
head in that's like so real, whereas like this is just entirely in the virtual space. And it's just
it's hard to imagine that, you know, it just feels like they have a point like it's not that
knowledge isn't harmful or dangerous, but just compared to like just physical, like buying a
vehicle and like ramming it through a crowd is just so much more effective than anything that's
balled next by your knowledge. I guess on the digital front though, there is a lot of havoc that
systems could do like banking systems, like if autonomous AI stuff that had its own agenda,
I could cause a lot of problems in the world, even if it's only digital and it doesn't have
physical form, right? It means it's not its own agenda. If there is some system that's now controlled
by AI and now there's like a whole set of new vectors of how can someone manipulate this system
just because it is it's hard enough for us to create security around like deterministic systems.
This is like a not deterministic system. So you never know if there's a certain set of words in
the right order will make it ignore all the safeguards you put in place. So that to me is like a very
practical application of AI safety. And that's not even like about the AI being capable. It's
actually a flaw with it being not very capable that it can be like reprogrammed by accident in
these little ways. So I get that side of things for sure. I listened to another podcast of Lexus
with I think his name was Adam Frank. He's like some kind of a astro something astro-physicist
maybe. He looks at space. He looks at space, but he like he like thinks about his job is like,
I guess they just got the first grant for looking for techno. What did he call it? Techno
signatures and signatures. It's like it's like biosignatures would be like looking at a planet
and saying is there any like are there gases that would prove that there's life on this planet?
But techno signatures are like does this prove that there's advanced technology? So they're like
actually looking at exoplanets in the habitable zone or whatever and trying to find like signs that
they have created technology. I can't remember what some of them were of a super fascinating guy.
Just go listen to Lex's podcast. What are you doing listening to us? Just go just listening
like the last five episodes are all good. I just listened to Paul. We're now just a podcast. I
summarize that other podcast. That's probably a thing. That's funny. That's pretty cool. I think
there's there's something else. There's some clips of some other thing I was watching that was
that was somewhat similar. So did you talk about like what what is like the primary thing they're
looking for? Is it looking for like Dyson spheres? Like what are they looking for? No. So he did talk
about Dyson spheres, which I didn't remember knowing what those were. That's wild, which I think
they proved you can't they couldn't actually make a Dyson sphere. You just said you didn't
remember knowing what that was. Do you mean like you forgot you knew about it? Yeah, I forgot
how many you did actually know about what it is. Yes. Listen, I don't have a great memory.
And I know I've heard of Dyson spheres, but until I heard him talk about them on this episode,
I didn't recall. It's like basically this big sphere around your star around the sun that
likes to capture all the energy from that sun, which that's another crazy thing that he talks about
is like the levels of civilization, the level, whatever they are, the energy output. Yeah. But
the technosphere thing, I think the main one they're looking at, what did he say? What did he say?
It was not Dyson spheres. It was that all lights, radio waves. No, it wasn't waves. I don't remember
man. I'm sorry. It would be interesting content and conversation. I just don't remember.
Oh, what would you personally look for? Well, let's see. What would I look for? If there was a
similar reason, we'll take it all of you. I would look for screens. I would look for
wait, screen. Oh, no, this isn't like they have images. He did talk about imaging. This is just
we're going out the rails. I can just talk about different podcast episodes forever. But he did
talk about like in the next however many hundred years that we'd be able to have like Manhattan
size imaging, like interstellar, like view cities, the size of Manhattan, what do you say? 26 kilometer
resolution or something on exoplanets. They have this idea for it sounds like science fiction for
sure. And that's the cool thing about science fiction. That would be crazy. The way it worked is like
you send all these like sensors, cameras, I guess, way away from Earth, the opposite direction from
the sun. I can't remember how far he said in the solar system, but like long ways. And they're
looking at planets that are just past the sun because of the way large bodies work space and
time. Yeah. So the sun basically like focuses the image of the star just beyond the edge of the
sun. And these cameras are looking at this wild stuff. Yeah, it's super wild. So using the sun is
like this amplification of our ability to view exoplanets. Anyway, let's talk about something
that's not on another podcast. My memory's not good enough for this exercise. You know what's
definitely on other podcasts, it's the whole deep seek thing from this past week. Oh, we didn't
yeah, we didn't really talk about deep seek much, did we? Can I can can you just like run that on
your local machine? Can I just like start getting coding benefits from deep seek R1 without an
API call? It's not really packed. I mean, it's like a reduced version of the model and it's very
slow and you need their hardware requirements are pretty crazy. So no, you can. Okay, so so how do
how do people use deep seek R1 right now? What is how does it exist? Is it commercialized in any
way? There's like a hosted one from the company, but it's in China. So people feel sketch out by
that. But then it's been rehosted because open source has been rehosted by a bunch of providers
that you're familiar with like Cloudflare, I think has a version of it. Oh, okay.
There's been a few others. I don't think it's good. Oh, really? Well, it's like not better than
anything else. It's just a recreation of what's already there. So they did it for less. It's like
the not Indian Jones. What's the guy, MacGyver? They just MacGyver it and they like made it a
duct tape. I don't believe any. I mean, it's just like it's none of it's none of the information
about it is true. Like it's just Oh, whoa, whoa, stop. Hold on. You catch me up. I didn't know that
it wasn't true. What are the facts that are true? Because I don't even know the facts around it.
Really? I just heard it's true. They're claiming they did. They're claiming they trained the model
for 5.5 million, which is like a crazy man, like several or magnitude less than what
open AI's models cost. Everyone was like dunking it. Is it a currency thing? Or were they talking
maybe in or something? No, make it even cheaper. Oh, okay. Yeah. No, no, the number is just too
small, no matter what currency on the planet you're using. And you just think you think why would
they? Oh, because it's like a competitive thing. They're trying to lie. So the reason it's it's
very noisy. There is true, interesting things that they did. Like, so you can't take that away from
them. Like it's impressive. But that doesn't mean what they're saying about how it was done.
It's true either. The numbers are just like way too much of a lie. Like there's no way that
one, they're that low. Two, there's a lot of reasons for them to make it up, right?
And no, it's going to reproduce it for once. That's not a thing. Could you make some of them
explicit? Yeah. Say some of the reasons, because I don't always connect dots. Well,
they're not China's not out to have certain DPs. But what? Is it the export? I didn't know this.
The export controls. Okay, you've got a lot of context here. You need to delay it all out.
Spell the case out for wide deep seek is a fraud. On paper and video is not allowed to export.
Uh, certain levels of GPUs to China. Okay. And video is an American company, right?
Yes. Okay. See, these are things I just don't know for sure. So you got it. Yeah, spell it out.
So they can't be like, Hey, here's exactly what we used if they're using a bunch of stuff they're
not supposed to have. So that like throws a bunch of questions to this. Sorry, going back. I want
to just real quick. The reason they can't export them to China is like American law.
Yeah. Yeah. We banned exports of GPUs about certain capability. Okay. Okay. Got it.
There's other interesting fact that someone pointed out recently that, uh, Singapore is 20%
of NVIDIA's revenue. Okay. Is Singapore in China? I'm so down. I'm so sorry. Singapore is like a
very small island nation in that area. Okay. So it's China adjacent. Why would they be?
Why would they be 20% of NVIDIA's revenue? That's a little weird. So they're buying all the GPUs
and then just taking them into China. Are they smuggling them? Yeah. It's like these export
controls practically are just not effective. Like it's like, how do you inflate these? I
were talking about earlier, like, there's always going to be a way if you're sufficiently motivated
to get these things. Um, and of course there's like, I could just buy a bunch of them and take
them to China. There's no one in China at China. There's no one at China that's going to stop me
bringing them in. Right. It's just that America is smoking on US is telling NVIDIA. You can't do this.
And the other thing I was thinking about was like, man, what a deal of this century. You could just
be the dude in Singapore, smuggling this stuff, adding a 20% whatever. Yeah. That's like, it's like
20% fee on like $20 billion of GPUs. Like that's, that is crazy. That's really wild.
So the point is there's like so many reasons why one, they wouldn't say to like, well,
sorry, one, they couldn't say what they actually did. And two, like there's a lot of reasons to just,
and that's what they always do. They always like lie about the price of things to like create,
just kind of market. Yeah. It's a good strategy. It works. Yeah. Okay.
But the deep seek put out a paper. I know this because all the software engineering nerds who
act like they're smart enough to understand papers are like, Oh, check out this paper.
This is amazing. Like you did, you don't know what the paper says to stop.
If you literally put the paper into deep seek and talk to it about it, you would learn more than
just listening to people talking about it. Yeah, probably. Well, okay. But question,
did they not have to outline the paper? Like what hardware they use and all that stuff?
I guess they don't have to, but would they not generally do that?
They talked about their techniques and their techniques are interesting and novel. So you
can't take that away from them. But they then they separately claim that we use these techniques
on this hardware to achieve this outcome. But there's so many ways to lie about that.
If it's in the single digits of millions of dollars, I feel like there's somebody out there
sufficiently motivated to like reproduce. Can they not reproduce based off the paper or
there's still some secret stuff? The thing is if you, okay, let's say someone told you that
hey, I can run a SQL query that filters a trillion rows in half a second, right?
You as someone that understands this stuff, you're like, I'm not even going to waste my time
reproducing that because that makes no sense. Okay. Yeah. So I imagine that something similar
is going on here. So you're saying like, I have so many, I'm sorry, I keep interrupting you.
I just feel like you're moving 100 miles an hour and I'm like at the stop sign still.
So you're saying that like big companies just all believe this is a bunch of BS.
Like it's just like the broader people in the know in the industry just dismissed this thing
right out and we're all excited about it. But like they're like, yeah, whatever.
Yeah. I mean, just because it's such a hyped space, it's like so hard to tell what's real
and what's not. And also it's the noise comes on both sides. So remember that we're saying
novel because it's been published publicly. We don't know that open AI already ran across this
and is using it to develop their stuff, like the techniques in there. Oh, so this might not even
be a surprise to them as much as be. Oh, they like independently came across the same techniques.
And they know that, yeah, it's not causing like a thousand X decrease in training costs.
But then the other noise is, and so now, and this is a part where I'm like, okay,
this could be noise on the other side. But I did think about this when it came out.
Open AI is claiming that they have proof that deep seek was trained on outputs of their models or
of like some, maybe potentially like unauthorized access to stuff from open AI.
And there's like some like, again, this doesn't mean anything, but like the pseudo science part of
this is people were able to get deep seek to reply and make the exact same mistakes that
a one makes, which seems like maybe it's a coincidence. Maybe it means something.
But yeah, the point here is like, it's just such a crazy hype space with a ton of money that
there's like zero ability to draw any kind of. This is what's happening right now in the moment.
It just impossible for situations like this. Yeah, I guess his like open AI. So you said they said
this thing about them using their outputs have like people like Sam Altman or any of the figures
in this space come out and said anything about deep seek publicly. You know how Sam Altman is.
He just did the whole like generic. Wow, it's really impressive and I'm invigorated by the
competition. You know, just like the fucking he to be honest, chat to me, he's more human than
some of them already.
Did you see what Claude did to me yesterday? No, what did you do? This was a mo I can't believe
it did this. So I was trying to deal with again, like bringing it all back down to earth. I was
trying to insert something into a Postgres database. And of course, on conflict, you want to like
do a dual update operation. Of course, I'm used to my sequel, we can just say on any conflict
do this operation, but I'm postgres specified like, oh, when this conflicts do that, when that
conflicts do this, but I was like, okay, can I just on conflict on anything? Is that possible?
And Claude, in a single reply, writes out, Hey, yeah, you can do this. And then it like
writes out the query. And then right after it does that continues writing being like,
just kidding. That syntax doesn't exist. What is it just kidding? Oh my god, this tweet
is this tweet has 5000 likes I didn't know what you're you tweeted this? I got to see this. I'm
trying to do so many things. I was also trying to look up techno signatures because I feel so bad
about not THDA. Okay, so you just tweeted this recently? I tweeted it last night. Last night.
Oh, well, bro, Claude is straight up pranking me now. Can I make it do it do on conflict on
anything? Yeah, some postgres you can use. That's hilarious. Yeah, it's funny because we're so
used to these models being quirky, but like think about this in a traditional product. Like,
imagine you have a product and you have a button and the button is like, click here to do something
useful and you click it and then it pops up being like, just kidding. We don't get that.
Like that would be so ridiculous to actually ship something that did that. Yeah, like that's
something that I do. But this is like in in Claude. And to be honest, something I just I've
just been annoyed with Claude more and more for the past couple of weeks. And this to me was like,
same. This is like the final or like you're straight up just joking right now. Like,
I'm gonna actually consider I think I'm gonna stop paying for it. I need to like reassess what
I'm paying for. Yeah, yeah, because I just keep signing up for them. And then it's like it's easy
to forget what the Claude thing I heard somebody or somebody tweeted this the other day that Claude
was getting dumber. And he talks about it on the podcast. Apparently, Lex asks him a question from
Reddit, which was like, why did why does Claude just keep getting dumber? And he kind of goes on
to say like that people report this on all the major models. This isn't just unique to Claude.
No, it's not. He kind of explains like, it was kind of hand wavy. I don't know. I didn't really take
from it that I believe they don't get dumber. He said they don't intentionally they never
changed the weights. They do sometimes change the system prompts and they change some other
things. And I don't know. But he basically was saying like, most people is just like a psychology
thing. You're really impressed at first. And then you just get less impressed every time.
That's what I was wondering. Is that the case? And the more you use it, the more you understand
the boundaries like about I do genuinely feel like it's gotten dumber in the last couple of weeks.
And I don't know what to do with that feeling because if I if I felt it and then I read someone
else felt it and then I learned that Reddit feels it like what there's something there, right? Because
it's like things that I felt like it was doing a pretty good job. A few weeks ago, it does it feels
like it's not doing as good. Is it just a feeling? Yeah, I'm on the side that is just a feeling. I mean,
I think I would I would doubt that it's that clear cut like they must constantly be optimizing or
like playing with the amount of compute they're allocating to inference. And there's like ways to
like kind of make it more efficient for you to run. Is that the kind of like tinfoil hat theory that
like they're just it's a cost thing that they're just kind of like using less resources over time
for inference. And that's what bounce it. Like there's no way that on day one of releasing something,
they nailed it and they never have to like tweak that. I would be surprised if there's like not any
like thing where they explicitly know that oh yeah, we did this because we made this trade off.
But I do agree that must be a psychology thing as well. Because if I really think about it,
the thing that's not static is I'm trying to use this stuff more and more. And it's really hard
to keep. You know, it's that thing where like everyone's like, oh yeah, I know what I eat every
day and like, you know, like I know I eat as many calories or whatever. But they made them write it
down. They realize like, it's so different with people's perception of how much they eat or what
they eat is. I think it's kind of similar where I know that I'm using it trying to use it more
and more aggressively. And I know over time, as I get more comfortable with it or like,
becomes more and more of my workflow, I'm definitely pushing the boundaries of it more. It just happens
with any tool. It's hard to say that that's not a factor. Oh, is that the end of your thought?
Yeah. That wasn't good enough for you. No, it's good. It's good. I just thought you were like on a
roll and I'm like looking up techno signatures and then you just stop listening. Oh my God.
Did you want to take the signatures? We moved on. I found it. I found it. So I'm going to tell you
at some point, but I do want to respond to the last thing he said, which I totally knew what you were
saying. Sorry. This has been a weird one. Yeah. By the way, it just strips smells like fire in my
house right now. So I hope I'm not burning down. That's not good. Yeah, that's not great. I think
it's because Liz turned on the heater and like, you know, 1000 Florida, you're not really supposed
to eat. They do. Yeah, you never use it. And then when you turn it on for the first time, it does.
It smells like there's like a actual like wood burning fire in your house. I know that smell.
I did have a follow up to what you said. Sorry. I had a question. Do you know, like, when we're
just talking about inference and the GPU resources allocated inference, like they have to use,
I guess, now thousands of GPUs to do the training. Do you know, like, orders of magnitude wise,
like, what inference looks like compared to training resources, like infrastructure?
They still allocate most of their stuff to training, not to inference.
Okay. So if they have 10,000 GPUs, like most of the 9,000 are used for
I don't know the exact ratio, but I know it's more on the training side than on an inference side.
Okay. Yeah. I mean, it just, it just makes sense because why when if you don't win the model battle,
the inference, the fact that people are using your product is kind of relevant. So it doesn't
make sense to like, intuitively, that made sense to me. And I figured that was case. It's just
interesting when you think about a business, the, like, the lifeblood of anthropic or open AI,
it's like this huge farm of GPUs. And they're only really, like that huge investment in GPUs
is useful for training new models. So they just always had to be training new models to get
the thing out of that huge investment, right? Which I guess they always will be training new
models. So maybe it doesn't matter. I mean, in the end, to me so far, and I felt this
from the beginning, this feels like the worst part of the stack to be in. It is the most
difficult and the most expensive. And it is the most like commodified. So yeah, I mean,
I think the thing that people point out with deep seek is it's impressive to create something
as good as open AI stuff. It's totally realistic to assume making a model that's 1% better than
open AI stuff costs like $50 billion. Like that's like totally realistic. Yeah. And that's like
an argument in favor of being like, this is why open AI will, you know, it's not really a threat
to them. Simultaneously, it's also like condemning this entire business because it's just like,
if it's going to take that much capital to make these marginal improvements, and it's like a crazy
competitive space where, you know, the costs are being driven to zero and all these companies are
competing. Yeah, it's just, I don't know, to me, it never made sense if I was like an investor,
this is not the part of, and I want to like, bet on this AI thing, this just feels like the worst
place to put your money. It's so intense, so capital intensive, right? Yeah, like when I see
that, I'm like, I need to invest in someone that benefits from having access to cheap AI models,
not the people building the cheap AI models. And yeah, like VC Twitter, like it's funny,
they just go on these little things. And currently they're on this, they've swung back and forth,
and currently they're all saying, oh yeah, like the application layers where you're going to make
a lot of money, but like, you know, a couple weeks ago, they were saying the opposite. But I do,
that does make more sense to me. Again, it's not, I'm not taking the moonshot bet,
because a moonshot bet is you invest in open AI, and they eliminate the whole economy, which I
get, and I like bets like that. It's just, for me, this one is not the one that that would go for.
Yeah, it was something like less crazy is probably the intermediate outcome.
Yeah, and Sam Altman sucks. That's an easy way to not want to take that bet.
Well, I mean, open AI or it's competitors. It could be anthropic or yeah, okay, sure, I guess.
One last thing on this. Yeah, some, I did come across something today. Do you remember Mistral?
Yeah, whoa, yeah. Okay, so we're like, this is maybe the worst company fundraise of all time,
because they raised like 150 million on like a $300 million valuation or something.
What? Like give up half their company.
Like give up half their company, and like that's nowhere near enough money to like play in this game.
Like they're trying to do the frontier model thing, like they're on that.
Yeah, exactly. And just like, jeez, what the fuck are they going to do? I mean,
yeah, they're like a French company, and maybe it's just like they're just going to serve the
French market, because I guess the company's there. Maybe they're going to train models for a thousand
times cheaper than open AI. Maybe they're going to go the deep secret. That's possible. But again,
like you just get away 50% of your company if you need any more money. Yeah, that's crazy.
If you need one million more dollars, like what are you going to make?
I didn't remember if Mistral was, there's been so many of these companies doing like
image stuff. I think the image space is even more messed up in my brain. And I thought they
maybe were one of the image generating things. But no, I want to talk about the app layer,
the AI app space, because that's also kind of top of mind for me. Maybe it's because VCs are
really excited about it. And Mark Andreessen was just on Lex Friedman. And like I said, I listened
to all of his podcasts. I want to talk about my experiences. And I want to hear from you
how you think about those companies. But first, techno signatures, the main one that we're looking
for is chlorofluorocarbons, because nature can't create those. That requires some sophistication
technology. And like he talked about Earth, we pumped so many in the atmosphere that we
blow a hole in the ozone layer and that that would be detectable using the right instruments
from far away. That seems pretty solid. I'm increasingly convinced that there's nothing out
there. But really, oh, because I'm increasingly convinced, I listened to a lot of sci-fi. Now
I'm increasingly convinced that it's everywhere. It's a dark forest. They're all out there. They're
just being quiet. That's how I feel. Tell me why you feel that way. Why do you think there's nothing
out there? I desperately want that not to be the case. And I think in a lot of ways, it's like
unlikely there's nothing out there. But man, given just the size of the universe, when I say
nothing out there, I mean, even if there is, it's not in our perceivable universe or whatever.
And like, I was just separating faster and faster over time.
Right. So like, there's no way we'd ever reach.
Yeah. So it just feels like, I don't know, it feels like a negative feeling towards
that whole thing. It feels like so impossible and unlikely. But again, not based on science,
just based off of how I feel.
Yeah, just feel. I guess, like, okay, I have a lot of thoughts. First, you just said that.
And it reminded me that I just heard how things can't travel across space and time faster than
speed of light, according to our understanding of physics. But the actual universe moves faster
than speed of light. So yeah, the galaxies, like moving apart are moving faster than the speed of
light, right? Because there's like new space being created in between them.
I guess, if you map that to velocity, I guess. I mean, I'm just my man.
You're just basically losing me. But it's like, if I magically created
between you and me more space, it's like we've moved further apart at a certain rate.
Right. But we didn't, yeah. So maybe that's what he's talking about.
I don't know. I just got ahead of my skis here, just even just trying to think about what you're
saying. But I think what Adam Frank just said on this podcast was that space time moves faster
than speed of light, like the expansion of it. But you can't, an object can't move across space and
time faster than speed of light. But if it is true that the galaxies are moving apart faster
than speed of light, then yeah, you could never get to another galaxy because we can only dream
to ever move at speed of light, which would be a crazy accomplishment. But if it's moving faster,
unless you like do something crazy, like you violate or like you have a new model or something.
That like just, yeah, it just totally breaks, breaks that. But yeah, outside of that, you know,
practically whatever that means in the space, like yeah, maybe our galaxy is explorable.
And man, like even that just feels like I can see there being nothing there.
So, okay. So my stance, I guess, it's that it's about time. It's not about distance.
It's like how long so if it's been around for? Yeah, maybe civilizations. And I'm stealing this
from all the various science fiction writers and actual scientists that I've listened to in the last
year. But yeah, maybe it's that like intelligent societies just don't last very long. So the chance
that overlap is happening, like the, you know, our, whatever, 100 years, 200 years of technological
advancement here is just such a tiny little blip in the broader expanse of the universe that like
the chance of that blip happening at the same time as a bunch of other blips is maybe super low.
But that maybe life is super common, just not intelligent societies that last long enough.
Like if we can get past, Adam Frink talks about this too, if we could get past all the terrible
things that could end our civilization, whether that's nuclear war, climate change,
AI, whatever, we could pass all those hurdles and we could figure out how to like live
for hundreds of thousands of years, millions of years as a civilization, then like,
then the chances of finding life maybe is is more realistic. Yeah, because you're around long enough
to see, I don't know, I'm just saying stuff that I don't have any credibility to say.
This is all just like different answers to the Fermi Paradox thing. But to me, I find
the problem with the Fermi Paradox, which is just to reiterate, it's given the size, the age of
the universe, we'd expect it to be like full of life, even how long stuff has been around
and given how much there is. And there isn't, so then you ask, okay, what are some explanations
of that? And there's a lot of good explanations. That's a problem. There's so many good explanations
and they could all be true. But the result of all of them is that life is exceedingly
rare and you're unlikely to intersect with it. So that's what kind of bones me about about this
concept. Okay, bummed you out because it would be nice to like, I don't want to die, but if I'm
going to die, it's because of an alien invasion, I'm like kind of down for that, because at least I
learned something deeply important for a few seconds before I get wiped out. Interesting.
Okay. Yeah, like, I don't want to die in like car accident and I had stopped. Oh, yeah, no, that's terrible.
Yeah, like, if I'm going to die, at least give me some crazy existential moment. Okay, yeah. What's
your like top three ways to die? Well, we will just not do it. I'm sorry. Yeah, no, I got you.
Existential dread and et cetera, et cetera. Okay. Anyway, let's talk about the app, AI app stuff.
So this idea was seated in my head just a few days ago, when Andre so was on Lex, and he talked
about just, I think the example they used was email, AI first email, and like how so many apps
just have like AI bolt-ons now, like we've got a little button in the corner that's like ask AI,
but companies that are started with the whole premise of like rethinking the product, the entire
category of product with AI first. So he used the example of an AI company building an email
client or something, which I've now I think I've downloaded. I don't know if it's the one that
they're invested in, but he got through that out there and just said like all the different
categories. And then I heard you. Did you tweet about this? No, I told you something that you
can't repeat. Oh, yeah. That's not public information yet, which I will not repeat. Thank you. Okay,
that's what it was. Yeah, it was a DM. I knew some other data point hit my brain that was like,
oh, the app layer of AI, that's a thing. And it's like when you hear when you learn a new word and
then you start seeing it everywhere. So could you tell me with your big brain that you've been
thinking about this probably for like 10 years? Could you tell me what is going on in the app
AI space? Yeah, so the way I look at it is there's a new capability. Again, this is I would categorize
it into categories. There is the boring parts is what we're talking about now. And this is the bet
that society will continue to be roughly the same. And this isn't like a, you know, truly
disruptive like a totally disruptive thing. You're speaking to like the bolt on thing, or you're
speaking to like the commodity of like family just talking about like building a traditional
product but thinking through AI, that's like a not very bold way of looking at all this.
No, part of me like doesn't want to engage with that because like I said, I don't, I don't believe
so far in that it's like much bigger bet. But I believe generally that's where you should put
your attention and things that kind of fall in that category. That said, let's say this
that this ends up, you know, not being that crazy thing. And this is a way this is the direction
things go. So right now we're in the era of there's a new thing and nobody knows how to build good
UX around it, right there. If you imagine when like the iPhone came out, pull to swipe or sorry,
pull to refresh. Oh, yeah. Someone had to come up with that. And the moment they did, it was so
obvious. I think we're like in that phase where almost every single product that added AI is
just a stupid ass little button that's on top of other shit. And it's just kind of getting in your
way and you're always accidentally clicking on. So that's just like, that's the arrow we're in.
But at some point, we'll see stuff that it's like, Oh, obviously. And I think we're actually
already starting to see some of that stuff. Have you seen this granola AI product? No.
Okay, so I think it's a brilliant example of what you're talking about,
rethinking products from an AI lens. And they did it in a way that is very well executed. It's not
like the it's not the first thing you would think of, right? But they were like, okay, problem
existed forever. How do we make people who take notes for meetings? How do we make that easier?
Boring problem been around forever. Here's years of products that do that.
Bunch of products that do that, right? There's a bunch of products that are like,
I'm Bob the AI and I'm a bot and I've joined your zoom call and I'm here to take notes. And it's
like weird, totally unnatural, not relating to your current habits thing at all.
Weird social norms around it, like it's just not a good way to introduce this idea to people.
So what this product does is it runs on your Mac. It records all the audio from your
meaning. Yeah, from anything that's happening. So we're like in the world.
Also in this era where no one's doing direct integrations anymore, because AI can just handle
raw input. If you can record audio from your Mac, you now support every single app that makes
so much sense of the box, right? Yeah. This shows up in a bunch of different places when people
are putting AI products. It's totally invisible and totally out of your way. They give you a typical
note pad you take notes on, okay? You take your shitty little notes, you know, you comments here
and there, whatever. When the meeting is done, AI will go through your notes and augment them
with what it knows about the meeting. So if you're like, oh, priority, it knows what you were talking
about saying this is a priority and it'll like make your notes much nicer. And just like a one-step
process. So it doesn't feel like an AI product. It just feels like a magically good product. I take
notes with the same habits that I've had forever. And then at the end, I just get much better notes
than I would do with any other app. And I think this is kind of what you're talking about,
where they're reimagining it and they've done it in a way where it's not like, you need to chat
with my with my AI bot, right? It's like totally invisible. Super smart. So I think we'll start to
see products that they are technically powered by AI, but it's invisible. The only way you can tell
is the outcome or the quality of the product is much higher, just because all of these
structuring unstructured data problems are like effectively solved now.
Man, yeah, it makes a ton of sense. I've already downloaded Grinnola now.
I feel like this is very exciting as a person who has an entrepreneurial side,
just kind of makes you want to build like a million companies. I'm not a million.
Let's build one. Yeah, just like one company. It just makes you want to build something doesn't it?
It feels like the Wild West, it's like starting over like all the digital products we use
just could be reimagined. And there's so many categories of those. And it kind of makes you just
want to like build some of them. I do think though that people should be aware that this isn't a
reset to like 2010, because in 2010, what was what was 2010? The situation like, you know,
there's a similar situation like nothing was built. And there was like all these opportunities to
build these pretty like basic straightforward applications. Wait, 2010, what was the new thing
that enabled like mobile? What are you talking about? Just just like more internet, more web,
more capability of like SaaS like was kind of created in that era, all that stuff. Gotcha.
In that time, you're you were shifting people from not using computers to using computers to
solve this problem. So as much as it feels like, Oh, we're in a reset and there's all
as a new opportunity, it's not the same because you can't just deliver an MVP any. Oh, sure.
To deliver an MVP in 2010. But if you want to build a new email AI product, you need to build
something as good as superhuman as a floor. And then you can do this extra stuff, right?
Yeah, okay. It's still going to be quite hard just because a bar is very high to get something
to switch from something that just out of normal all the normal app features are pretty exhaustive
and work pretty well. That's that. That's how things has also just gotten easier to do with.
Oh, but yeah, I am feeling this with radiant because yeah, categorizing financial transactions
was very, very difficult, like prior to AI. And now it can do like a really good job, even like
a shitty thing I implemented. I like was able to go through my stuff with like, and I've done
this for years, right? Like Angela, my business transactions, I've gone through every single one
of them for years and years. And just having AI do a first pass and then me doing a second pass,
it's much better. And this is just the beginning of, yeah, of all this stuff.
But we still have to build like the entirety of a straightforward app. And you have to do that
while the incumbent fails to do the new thing, which I think will happen. It's just, you know,
not as easy as it seems. Yeah, there's like the table stakes part that's kind of boring,
where you just have to have all the features that people expect from an app like that,
in order to unlock the new way of thinking about it. So for the granola case, it was like they had
to build an actual note taking app and all that comes with it. That's a good example,
something that works because those table stakes go up is really small. And they benefit from this
new dynamic of not having to do 100 integrations with every single, like we support zoom, we support
Google meet, we support whatever. And how did you explain how that dynamic came to be? Because I
get it for like recording audio. It just works for everything. But what you're saying, there's
this whole era of not integrating directly with stuff. What's that about? Yeah, so let's say you're
like, I mean, let's say we're not actually doing this, but for radiant, there's 5,000
financial accounts that we need to support for all the various places, people have their data.
We could just send AI to go like, visit the site for you and like figure out how to pull out
your information instead of like mainly doing integration with which each thing because AI can
operate at like one level down, like it is indeed an API. A developer needs an API, like an AI agent,
like in theory doesn't need one. So you can kind of like give it a general seven instructions that
will work on any raw input. So anywhere where you like needed all these like nice clean integrations,
like you can probably make do with a much messier, like unsanctioned integration.
Interesting. Okay, that didn't really answer my question. I mean, I don't feel satisfied.
It may be it did, but like I think it's like there's another example and I can't remember,
I feel like there is another company where it was like, oh, that's a clever way of
integrating with everything. Oh, no, it's the conversation we had about like an AI tool that
just looks at the file system. Use that as a source of truth and you don't have to integrate
with every editor. You just interact with the file system. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So that's like a
very clever way to get around this like this thing on your landing page where you have all the
things you support. Yeah, it's like just what's the common denominator? The other side of this,
though, is if you look at a lot of these products, like granola, like there was the other one that
I forgot the name of it records everything. It takes a good screenshot every three seconds,
and then like has AI index it and you can ask it like, hey, what was that thing I read the other
day about? Whatever. So you see how all of these things are native apps at the OS level. It just
brings up the question like, isn't Microsoft and Apple is going to bake these in? Oh, yeah.
If you're building that kind of stuff, it's scary. Yeah, if you think about like this stuff,
like we're getting these like one off solutions that people come up with, but at the end of the day,
if we're just integrated at the OS level, it works everywhere and kind of be just a lot more awesome.
Yeah. So it feels like that should be the ultimate. The Apple intelligence kind of thing, like
Apple intelligence should do that stuff if it ever actually doesn't. It sucks. Apple intelligence
sucks. But in theory, does it even work yet? Like, I don't even think they did they turn it off
because it was like doing bad things. I've had it for a while and I have not used it once. I think
somehow it's made things even worse. I feel like I used it even less now than I used to.
I don't know. I don't know what they're doing. It's pretty bad. Hopefully they do that thing
where they catch up really fast because I would like Apple software to be good because I love
their hardware. Yeah, we'll see. But I will say this type of thinking is new for me where I'm like,
see how I described a very clearly good opportunity and then the ideal, which would be like Apple,
Microsoft integrating, but that ideal might be 10 years away. So there's so plenty of time to make
money, you know, successful in that time. Yeah. But I've like shifted to like not,
like if I can see the ideal and it's not like a line with what I'm doing, I just don't want to
work on it. It just feels bad to me now. Like even if it's 10 years, you just don't want to
invest in that idea. Like, yeah, I want to have a real shot of building the ultimate thing,
even if that means, even if the opportunity is great, otherwise. Are you quitting terminal?
Is that what you're saying? Is it not AI enough for you?
You missed the meeting yesterday. I'm just saying. I was only the remember the meeting.
Yeah, that's true. Funny part. We have weekly Wednesday meetings and I was like, oh, I can't
make it. So I posted at two thirty. We have the meeting. Hey, guys, I can't make the meeting.
And nobody else said anything that the meeting didn't happen. So everyone missed it. I was
the one that actually remembered that it was supposed to happen. It only would have happened
if you started it. But the fact that you didn't start it because you weren't going to make it.
It's funny. There's something else I wanted to talk about. It's totally unrelated to all this.
Totally unrelated to AI and apps and aliens. Yes. I posted a video last week or was it earlier
this week? No, it was it was on Sunday. Post on Sunday. Best video I've ever made in terms of
Oh, really? views. Yeah. I got to check out the SSC YouTube video. Again, I think it's really
not the execution of the video. I think we're just picking like some pretty good topics.
What's your handle? I did it. I did it just as a teaser just to see.
Ah, nope. That's something Korean. That's definitely not it. What? Really? At SSC?
I mean, I guess SSC dev. You don't have to look it up. I'll just tell you.
I got it. No, I got it. I don't use my computer. Is it that one?
Yeah. So I made a video on my like my remote dev stuff. Oh, I've been wanting this video.
I can't believe I didn't see it. How do I not see this? This is how like big the world is.
Anytime you think like everyone just sees all your stuff, I if anyone sees your videos,
I should see your videos, right? That's true. Yeah. And I didn't know you made this video.
But like, are you ever on YouTube? No, no. I go to YouTube from Twitter links.
The people post. Yeah. Why would you see it? Oh, because I think I would see. I mean,
sometimes you would think I would see your tweets. I don't know.
That's true. I feel like we're friends. And I should know when you make a good video that I
really want to see. And this is one I've wanted you to outline because I didn't want to bug you
too much and be like, Hey, could you tell me how you do the remote teambox thing? But now you've
just made the video and I can watch it like every other normie. This is awesome. Yeah.
It was a, I think a lot of people were waiting for it, which is why I think it did pretty well.
So it's our best performing video ever, which we're really happy about. I love the title.
I don't use my computer. Yeah. So YouTube comments. Let's talk about YouTube comments real quick.
Yeah. For me personally, this is where I experience just like the dumbest of all humanity, I think.
It is really wild. Like people, like I've been on Twitter a long time. Of course,
I get dumb annoying comments there, but YouTube somehow just consistently tops it.
It's surface is persona that I run into a lot on the internet. And to me, it's like a very
miserable persona. It's a persona of someone that thinks that every single thing they interact
with is a scam somehow. But they're like, they're so eager to be like, I think what's driving them
is they want to feel like they're smart and they like picked up on something that everyone
else is falling for. But they're so desperate for that moment that every single thing that they
perceive, they like project onto it that oh, this is like a scam somehow. Yeah. So a bunch of people
were just like, this is an ad or like they were talking about how like, I only do this because it's
it's free because I mentioned that my server that I use now is sponsored. But like, I've been doing
this for you. Shout out to reliable site. Yeah, it's very reliable. But like, I've got that
paid for it for like before they before I got that deal. And also in the video, I outlined how
you can start really small and at the entry price for this, again, people love saying $5
VPS. There's just a $5 VPS. Realistically, maybe more like 15 for something that's decent, but
reasonable price. But everyone was just like, as soon as their brains work together, like, oh,
this is the angle, a bunch of comments where we're around talking about how like I was trying to
trick them into doing this because it's expensive. And I'm just like, how, like, how do you go through
life like this? Like, everything must be so miserable. We just proceeding and I was like,
every person you interact with is trying to rip you off somehow. Yeah. Yeah, the internet kind of
sucks. It's kind of amazing, but it also kind of sucks. I'm just reading YouTube comments now.
I wish I hadn't. Sorry, which you just not just don't don't remind me that YouTube exists and I'll
be a happier person. That's funny. What's even at the top right now? I think one of those is
probably at the top. So it's funny. I just saw Kevin not commented. Yeah. And excuse to not do
any work for next three or four weeks. I really do need to spend like two days and just like copy
all your Neil Vim set up. And my Neil Vim is so bad right now. I know. I just need to do all that work.
And I just, it's so hard to take a time out. It's that stupid meme that I do hate because I resonate
with it of like the caveman with like the square wheels and they're like, too busy. Leave me alone.
And the guy's like, but here's a wheel. It's just so hard. Maybe you just go use cursor. You know what
I've actually thought about downloading it. I'm doing it right now. I do want to download it. Yeah,
I want to download it. Like why? It's like all this stuff is free paid for by VCs. Why am I not
using all of it? It's not free with it. It's not free. But like, it's free. You have to pay for
it's not crazy. Yeah, it's not that expensive. I just assumed it was free.
It's just so miserable for me going. Yeah. This is like another point of
dress for me, which is dress as being very dramatic. Just dress around my editor.
I really like the oven and it is truly incredibly productive. But this cursor style of thing,
if it continues to get better, that's just going to be the most productive thing. Yeah. It doesn't
address the parts I particularly find annoying. I hate the clunkiness and the slowness of VS code
and navigating and stuff. And yes, you're doing all that less with this type of thing, but it's
not taking it to zero. I don't see why Neo then would get something that's equivalent. I've seen
the current effort for it. Yeah. And I go visit the GitHub and I read it once a week.
And I'm just like, this just doesn't feel like it's going to be good. And there's so much setup
involved. It's the we have cursor at home. And it's like cursor at home is like four libraries
duct tape together and socks. Why am I installing something like that on my machine? What is going
on? It's like, there's too much, too much steps, too many steps. I don't mind switching editors.
I just wish the foundation that this new stuff was built on was not VS code because VS code sucks.
That said, I think I think Zed will probably because they're in this hyper competitive mode.
Wait, you think they will what? I think their AI stuff will get as good as cursors, if not
better. So they are working on AI steps, then they have to be. I mean, I just had the thought
in my sleep last night, which is just an indictment on my sleep. I had the thought, like, Oh, poor
Zed. Like Zed, how does that have a chance when there's like all these AI things now,
but they're doing the AI things. It's like, there's so many editors already. If you're not an AI
editor, good luck. Right? Yeah, no, it's it's true. Like they have a tough battle because they
okay, it kind of goes into directions. On one hand, like, yeah, it was way faster ship cursor
by building on VS code. On the other hand, I've just found, as I get older, that doing the more
extreme thing always ends up having a good benefit that you can't predict. So them going
ground up building a new editor way harder. All the ship fast mindset would be like,
that's a waste of time. Just focus on the part that differentiates AI part. But I can see how
actually, no, like, this is going to end up being the thing that wins. So to me, it's
plausible. I don't think they're screwed. And that they are going to do AI stuff.
Yeah, I just didn't even know they were working on it. They're working on AI stuff. And yeah,
good for them. And they're not built up. I have no idea. I don't keep up on this stuff. I've just
I use Neovim because someone said use Neovim. So I do. I mean, they say AI in their
integrate upcoming elements, your workflow is generating personalized code.
So and cursor is not a lot of features. It's like a really small set of features, to be honest.
I've never played with it. I'm literally setting it up right now. But yeah, so I'm like, okay,
that gives me some hope because maybe the editor experience won't suck. But then it's not in the
terminal anymore. So then my whole setup is now like a lot more confusing. Like I like having
everything in a single terminal between between it. Yeah, all my muscle memories around like
switching between Tmux panes and doing all this stuff. And if I'm just in some editor now,
I guess like I can get the VIM experience in the files, the actual files I'm modifying. But like,
okay, can I go back to something to just on behalf of the normies that listen to us?
Why is VS Code bad again? I know we all hate VS Code, but just someone reminded me,
why do we? Why is it? Whenever I try to use it, it's like a slow piece of shit and the VIM
simulation is like really bad. So it's slow. Yeah, it just it just fits to me. It feels bad to use.
Okay. I just take everyone's word for it when everyone's like making fun of VS Code. Yeah, VS
Code. But I didn't actually know why. It just doesn't feel good to use. That's what all comes
down to for me. Okay. Okay. Well, I'm gonna try cursor. I'm gonna give it a go. I hope it doesn't
botch the whole terminal code repo. Yellow. Here we go. Yeah. Z does have this. They have
their own like remote protocol thing. So I could continue to like effectively host Z on my server,
even though the front end of it is running on my machine. That's cool. But again, didn't have to like
have like a separate terminal window unless my terminal is run inside of Z. Ah, just use the
integrated terminal. I hear it's good skeptical, but skeptical. I'm gonna give it a shot. I'll let
the listeners know if curse is good. They probably already know, but I'll let you know use cursor and
use Z and then go fix your name. Yeah, I need to fix many of them. Okay, I'll try that. If Z
has AI stuff, I'll start there actually, because I'd rather use the thing that you think is good
generally in life. Do they this introducing Z AI? And this was like in August, but they're
definitely stuff. Definitely stuff. Z, what is it? Z dot dev? The editor for what's next with
humans and AI. Let's go. I had this thought the other day. I was like, if you're like a VC funded
company, you probably like shifted towards AI. Like almost if you look at everyone's websites,
no matter how random it is, like they seem to like really focus on AI. Like most of them
just took their existing slogan and added like, and AI to it. Wait, is that really what Z did?
Maybe. Yeah, with humans and AI. And I saw, I saw something the other day and I was like,
yeah, I'm gonna turn shows website and at the bottom now they have unlimited databases,
personalized scale, supercharge, which, you know, probably was there before your LLM applications.
So there's like that. We've all observed this, you know, whatever. But then I think about,
okay, there's VC funded companies at this stage that had not done this at all. You guys
just see hasn't done this, but like ignoring us. And I'm like, what is that like? I'm like,
yeah, like, bun didn't go and add like the best way to run JavaScript for humans and AI, you know.
I'm not making, I'm not making fun of Z because it would Z it like actually makes sense. But a lot
of just general purpose things have now added and AI to it. So I'm like, how are they thinking
about this stuff? Like they're just in a way like heads down ignoring it. I'm sure they're not
actually, but like, you know, their strategy is heads not ignoring it. Yeah. Oh, but all right,
this is probably a coincidence, but I went to bunsight and they have a used bisection.
And one of them is mid one of them is mid journey. So they also kind of they're like,
it's just a coincidence tip of the hat to AI used by X type form mid journey until and that's
an interesting collection of companies. You know who else uses it? Terminal. We got to get the
terminal on the bunsight. I let's go. I think I might be the number one bun user. I'm not here.
You might be. I think I'm the number one buns user because I use it. Actually, I'm I've been
bun pilled. I'm enjoying bun quite a lot because I just copy everything you do. And I cannot stop
talking about of like how good their product execution is like it is so good. Yeah, they're
incredible. Every single time they put out a feature, I've been like, I don't get it. And then
fast forward three weeks later, I'm using it like it just like invisibly just snuck into
every little piece. So we're launching a new update in the s t console. We had this workflow
section that's the config where you can like set up your CI apps. And before we didn't let that
be configured. So most people don't have to the defaults make sense. But if you want to configure
it, we were like, okay, how do we like let you run shell scripts but like in JavaScript and
have your own jobs with conditionals? And we're like, okay, fuck it, we're just going to drop
bun shell in there. So now the config is just like your workflow is just bun shell. And they
already figured out all that stuff. So really great product execution. Amazing.
There's nothing better than that like a weight dollar sign and then put your shell
command in there. It feels so good. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, that's cool. All right, I gotta go for
non biological reasons. Okay, another biological. No, don't believe you. I got to go, Dax. When I
said I got to go and you're like, one more thing. And then you have like four more things. We could
pause if you want to do a two hour episode. No, that's fine. You can go. You don't want to talk to
me. It's fine. I want to talk to you. I'm going to keep myself. This is our last episode ever.
No, it's not. We're not going to do this podcast anymore. Stop it. Adam doesn't want to talk to me.
Okay, I'm going. Goodbye.
[BLANK_AUDIO]